fix(core): cleanup old sockets in Unix (#10895)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/shiny-plants-matter.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Removed stale Unix daemon sockets from older Biome versions when starting a newer daemon.

Reviewer: Nit: "biome will now remove ..." reads a little better

> Removed stale Unix daemon sockets from older Biome versions when starting a newer daemon.

Author: ```suggestion
Biome will now remove stale Unix daemon sockets from older Biome versions when starting a newer daemon.
```
